**You said:**

RFN00023 Aruba Partner for Supply and Support Requirements Document

Unable to display visualization

Can you review the attached spreadsheet and in particular the non
functional and functional questions and responses? I each of the the
responses where it refers to an external document can you make note of
that as well?

**ChatGPT said:**

Thought for 1m 42s

Requirements Summary

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Section**   **ID**   **Requirement**                              **Response**
  ------------- -------- -------------------------------------------- -----------------------------
  Functional    3.1.1    A minimum of Aruba Platinum Partner status   please see attached file:
                         with evidence of partner status or a link to Qolcom-3.1.1-Platinum Cert
                         the verification portal.                     

  Functional    3.1.2    Evidence of HP Enterprise Partner Branded    please see attached file:
                         Service (PBS) status.                        Qolcom-3.1.2-PBS Cert

  Functional    3.2.1    An Aruba Platinum Partner that has depth of  please see attached file:
                         resource in the following internal skills:   Qolcom-3.2.1-Accreditations
                         i. ACDX Aruba Certified Design Expert ii.    
                         ACMX Aruba Certified Mobility Expert iii.    
                         ACCX Aruba Certified Clearpass Expert iv.    
                         ACEAP Aruba Certified Engagement and         
                         Analytics Professional v. ACDP Aruba         
                         Certified Design Professional vi. ACCP Aruba 
                         Certified Clearpass Professional vii. ACMP   
                         Aruba Certified Mobility Professional        
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here\'s a concise, human‑readable summary and a link to an interactive
table so you can explore everything in detail.

**What I reviewed**

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Sheet**            **Total Qs   **Responses    **Typical cues I saw**
                       reviewed**   that cite an   
                                    external       
                                    document**     
  -------------------- ------------ -------------- ---------------------------------
  **Functional         **42**       **26**         "please see attached ...", "refer
  Requirements**                                   to attached reference", filenames
                                                   (e.g. Qolcom‑3.1.2‑PBS Cert)

  **Non‑Functional**   **15**       **4**          "refer to attached reference",
                                                   URLs inside the answer
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**How the table works**

Open the *Requirements Summary* grid (it's embedded just above this
message).\
For every requirement it shows:

- **Section** -- Functional or Non‑Functional

- **ID** -- as numbered in the workbook

- **Requirement** -- the actual question/statement

- **Response** -- supplier's written answer

- **External Document Reference** -- "Yes" if anything in the response
  points to another file, appendix, or web link

- **Document Reference Details** -- extracted filenames or URLs when
  they were explicitly written (blank when only phrases like "see
  attached" were used)

You can filter or sort the grid to focus on just the items with "Yes".

**Headlines & observations**

- **Most external references are in the Functional section's
  accreditation and design‑team subsections (IDs 3.1.x and 3.2.x).**

- Filenames are written without extensions in several places, so the
  exact type (PDF, DOCX, etc.) isn't always clear.

- In Non‑Functional answers, only four contain supporting
  artefacts---one of them is a direct Vivantio help‑desk URL, the rest
  say "attached reference."

- A handful of responses refer to the **same** external artefacts
  multiple times (e.g. a single accreditation pack reused across several
  requirements). Consolidating those attachments into one clearly named
  file could streamline review.

Feel free to let me know if you'd like a deeper dive---e.g., grouping
references by file name, pulling out only the unanswered requirements,
or anything else.

**You said:**

Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of Specialist Skills and Knowledge.pdf

PDF

Here are 8 documents that we supplied for responses in section 3. Can
you review those in relation the question they are answering?

**ChatGPT said:**

Thought for 1m 5s

Below is a focused review of the single file that is currently visible
in your upload set --
**"Qolcom‑Q3.2‑Supply of Specialist Skills and Knowledge.pdf."**\
It covers every sub‑requirement in **Section 3.2 (3.2.1 → 3.2.7)** of
your questionnaire, and repeatedly points to separate annexes
(accreditation lists, worked examples, mind‑maps, etc.). Those annexes
are named but are **not present** in the files I can see, so I have
flagged them as *missing evidence*.

If you intended to supply seven additional documents (e.g., the
accreditation spreadsheet, sample health‑check, Wi‑Fi planning files,
mind‑map, contingency‑network design, etc.), please re‑upload them or
let me know the filenames so I can analyse them alongside this core
response.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Requirement‑by‑requirement assessment**

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **\#**                     **What the question asks for**                                                  **How the PDF       **Strengths**         **Missing /
                                                                                                             answers it**                              clarify**
  -------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------------------- -----------
  **3.2.1** -- Depth of      States partner is **Aruba Platinum** and lists all seven expert/professional    Good alignment with Actual accreditation  
  Aruba‑certified resource   credentials, then says *"please see attached file:                              exact cert list;    evidence file not     
  (ACDX, ACMX, ACCX, etc.)   **Qolcom‑3.2.1‑Accreditations***" Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of S...                    clearly claims      provided -- need      
                                                                                                             breadth of talent.  certificate list or   
                                                                                                                                 PDF for verification. 

  **3.2.2** -- Design‑team   Gives a detailed **on‑boarding & health‑check workflow**, version‑controlled    Practical processes No staff‑count table  
  capability, understanding  documentation, and template approach for teaching/halls/outdoor spaces          & examples show     or day‑rate pricing;  
  DU estate, template use,   Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of S...                                                      understanding of    refers to *"attached  
  staff counts & day‑rates                                                                                   campus context.     sample Health‑Check   
                                                                                                                                 document"* which is   
                                                                                                                                 absent.               

  **3.2.3** -- Design &      Explains predictive & on‑site Ekahau surveys, AP‑on‑a‑stick method and lists    Shows methodical    Still missing total   
  survey team: off‑plan      CWNP certs Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of S...                                           survey practice;    staff numbers, Aruba  
  designs, built‑estate RF                                                                                   cites               quals table, and the  
  surveys, RIBA/UK                                                                                           CWNA/CWTS/CWISA and *Wi‑Fi planning       
  construction knowledge,                                                                                    ECS cards for       examples* attachment. 
  staff & certs                                                                                              construction                              
                                                                                                             compliance.                               

  **3.2.4** -- High‑quality  Describes templated docs, audit trail, sign‑off workflow and partner engagement Solid description   Contingency‑network   
  documentation,             model with Aruba SEs; references                                                of governance &     sample file missing,  
  version/quality control,   **Qolcom‑3.2.4‑Evidence‑Durham Contingency Network Solution Design v1.2.pdf**   quality gates.      so no chance to test  
  Aruba design assurance,    Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of S...                                                                          for                   
  best‑practice compliance                                                                                                       clarity/robustness.   

  **3.2.5** -- Continual     Lists investment in certification, attendance at Aruba Atmosphere, leverage of  Demonstrates        Could offer specific  
  service improvement, staff Airheads Community, and offers knowledge‑transfer sessions Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply   concrete CSI        training packages,    
  up‑skilling, ability to    of S...                                                                         culture plus        durations, costs.     
  train DU staff                                                                                             customer training                         
                                                                                                             path.                                     

  **3.2.6** -- Close working Cites Aruba Ambassador status, CTO access to roadmap briefings, MD on Partner   Strong evidence of  Mind‑map file absent; 
  relationship & roadmap     Advisory Council, direct access to UK labs; references **NAC Mind‑map**         strategic ties and  would validate depth  
  influence                  attachment Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of S...                                           insider roadmap     of architectural      
                                                                                                             knowledge.          input.                

  **3.2.7** -- Collaborative Provides concrete examples of monthly TDA calls, smart‑campus pilots with       Good narrative of   Could add governance  
  approach with CIS,         Estates, ECS‑carded engineers for construction interface Qolcom-Q3.2-Supply of  multi‑stakeholder   model (e.g., RACI)    
  Estates, Contractors       S...                                                                            engagement.         and escalation paths. 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Overall verdict on the Section 3.2 response**

- **Coverage:** The narrative text answers every bullet of
  3.2.1 -- 3.2.7 and demonstrates credible experience.

- **Evidence gap:** Five external artefacts are referenced but missing
  -- accreditations list, health‑check sample, Wi‑Fi planning examples,
  contingency‑network design, and NAC mind‑map. Without these, reviewers
  cannot verify key claims.

- **Quantitative data:** Staff numbers, qualification counts, and
  rate‑card pricing requested in 3.2.2/3.2.3 are not included.

- **Action needed:** Provide the five cited attachments and a short
  annex with (1) head‑count per role/qualification, (2) day‑rate table
  for design/survey/install/PM, and (3) any SLA metrics promised in
  other sections.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Next steps**

1.  **Re‑upload the missing evidence files** (or point me to them) so I
    can check they align with the corresponding questions.

2.  If other Section 3 documents (e.g., 3.1 Accreditation status, 3.3
    Support Services, etc.) were intended to be included, please resend
    -- I currently only see the 3.2 PDF.

Let me know when you have the additional documents ready and I'll fold
them into a complete Section 3 review.

**You said:**

Qolcom-Q3.4.4-MAC- UPLOADED.pdf

PDF

Here are documents that help answer questions in seection 3.4

**ChatGPT said:**

Thought for 57 seconds

**3 .4 .4 --- Firmware‑Upgrade Model**

*(question from the spreadsheet: "An agreed model for firmware(s)
upgrades ... AOS upgrade ... other platform releases ... clear
articulation of what is included vs chargeable extra")*

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Requirement bullet** **Evidence in the uploaded      **Assessment**
                         PDF**                           
  ---------------------- ------------------------------- ----------------
  **i. AOS upgrade       *"A major release i.e. **AOS 8  ✔ **Clearly
  model**                to AOS 10** would be treated as states upgrade
                         a separate scoped piece of      path and flags
                         project work and would attract  it as
                         further cost."* -- page 2       out‑of‑scope for
                         Qolcom-Q3.4.4-MAC- UPLO...      BAU support.**

  **ii. Other platform   The document speaks in generic  ⚠ **Partial** --
  releases**             terms ("firmware upgrades are   method is
                         dealt with by using our         defined but
                         credit‑based Change Control     platform list is
                         procedure") but does **not**    missing.
                         name other Aruba/HPE platforms  
                         (e.g., Central, ClearPass,      
                         AirWave).                       

  **iii. Clear           • Routine firmware upgrades     
  articulation of what   handled via the **MAC credit    
  is included vs         bank** (1 credit = 1            
  extra‑cost**           engineering hour) -- included   
                         if credits are pre‑purchased.   

  • Major releases =                                     
  chargeable project.                                    

  • Detailed             ✔ **Distinction between         
  change‑approval flow   "credits" vs "separate project" 
  and SLA table          covers cost clarity.**          
  (Emergency →                                           
  Priority 4) on                                         
  pages 2‑3                                              
  Qolcom-Q3.4.4-MAC-                                     
  UPLO...                                                
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Strengths**

- **Structured Change‑control workflow** --- eight‑step flow from
  request to approval ensures auditability.

- **Priority‑based SLA matrix** --- response & scheduling times for
  Emergency / P1 / P2 / P3 / P4 are laid out (page 2‑3).

- **Cost transparency** --- explicitly calls out when extra funding is
  required (major release).

**Gaps / Recommendations**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Gap**                  **Why it matters**   **Suggested addition**
  ------------------------ -------------------- -------------------------
  No mention of non‑AOS    The question asks    Add a one‑liner
  platforms (Central,      for **"other         confirming the **same
  ClearPass, AirWave,      platform related new MAC‑credit model** (or
  CX‑switching)            releases."**         different) for each
                                                platform.

  Credit‑bank rates not    Reviewers can't      Insert **rate‑card**
  shown                    judge if the model   (credits per £ or
                           is cost‑effective.   day‑rate conversion).

  Remote‑access assumption "DU's responsibility Outline fallback (on‑site
                           to permit secure     option or support tunnel)
                           remote access."      if VPN unavailable.
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**What's still needed for Section 3 .4**

- 3.4.1 -- 3.4.3 and any 3.4.5 + sub‑questions (if they exist) were
  **not** in the material you've uploaded so far.

- If you have further PDFs or annexes referenced in those rows, please
  share them and I'll map them against their specific questions.

Let me know when additional files are available and I'll complete the
Section 3.4 review.

**You said:**

![Uploaded image](media/image1.png){width="5.679861111111111in"
height="9.693055555555556in"}

\"We can confirm that our proposed delivery of a maintenance contract
covers all the equipment and scope of service identified in this
specification to agreed SLAs and response times. This can be summarised
as: 1. Supply orders acknowledged within 24 hours of being placed 2.
Internal escalation mechanisms to ensure delivery within defined and
agreed timescales 3. A Service Operation Centre (SOC) that has the
capability to deliver a 30-minute response time to P1 issues on a
24/7/365 basis 4. Helpdesk support with the ability to provide unlimited
reactive support as required -- Initial fault call to repair delivered
on a 24/7/365 basis. 5. Response support level for Priority 1 calls
capable of providing: a) Field Engineer support on a 24/7/365 basis. b)
A response time following escalation by the SOC to the Field Engineer
team to arrival on site of two (2) hours. 6. Response support level for
other priority calls capable of providing: c) Field Engineer support on
a 24/7/365 basis. d) A response time following escalation by the SOC to
the Field Engineer team to arrival on site of four (4) hours. 7.
Reporting system For detailed responses to the above please refer to
Section 3.7 of the Requirements Document along with the various
attachments.\" \"Qolcom will use a local partner to provide Field
Engineer support on a 24/7/365 basis for Priority 1 calls to DU sites in
both Durham City and Stockton-on-Tees with a response time following
escalation by the SOC to the Field Engineer team to arrive on site
within two (2) hours. This service is included within the Support
pricing. The local partner, based in County Durham, is KBR
(www.kbr.co.uk) and the Managing Directors of both organisations (Qolcom
& KBR) have enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship for over
15-years. For reference, KBR currently provide support for DU's external
wireless broadband network having done so for over 15 years. All KBR
Installation engineers have valid approved contractor status, and this
is always kept up to date along with all Technical Engineers having
approved contractor's status with DU. The KBR offices are 10.6 miles
from the main DU campus and 35.8 miles from the Stockton campus. \" \"A
local (KBR) spare holding consisting of a 7204XM controller, will be
available 24x7x365 to cater for P1 events. The local spare holding can
be increased/decreased where appropriate. The processes we have in place
to ensure that the correct level of spares is held for any support
contract involve the following steps: Assessment: Our operations Manager
completes an annual assessment to review each customer support contract.
This involves identifying the types of equipment and the criticality of
the components that require spare parts. In addition to this we also
discuss whether the customer is contracting or expanding their
environment to understand the future needs of spares. Forecasting: Based
on the assessment, we forecast the demand for spare parts. This involves
analysing historical data, trends for each customer (or in circumstances
of new customers, looking at customers of similar size, complexity and
use cases), and other factors to determine the quantity and frequency of
spare parts that may be required. Inventory Management: Once the demand
has been forecasted, we then manage the inventory of spare parts. This
includes determining the appropriate inventory level for each spare
part, setting reorder points, and monitoring inventory levels to ensure
that they remain within the desired range. Inventories are managed
within our ITIL based asset management system. This allows for automated
notifications for restocking based on the specific thresholds set for
each item. When stock items fall below threshold, an order notice is
raised but the stock levels are low with our HPE Aruba supplier it is
escalated and closely monitored to make sure we can backfill stock at
the first opportunity. If there are additions or removals to the
inventory, we evaluate the impact on the existing inventory levels and
determine whether to increase or decrease the spares levels. When it
comes to spares holding for the maintenance of other customers'
equipment, we highlight any potential relationships or dependencies
between the spares holding and the maintenance of other equipment. This
is particularly important in situations where there is shared inventory
or where multiple customers rely on the same spare parts. Supplier
Management: A key aspect of maintaining the correct level of spares is
managing our suppliers. This involves negotiating contracts, monitoring
supplier performance, and ensuring that HPE Aruba can meet the demand
for spare parts. Thanks to our direct access to HPE Aruba's ordering
portal, we have oversight over their UK-wide stock levels. This helps to
identify potential bottlenecks within the supply chain. Thanks to
regular reviews of our inventory, as well as customer needs, we can
pre-plan orders in advance to minimise the risk of shortages. Typically,
stock arrives next day to our warehouse after placing an order. Delivery
and Logistics: Finally, the delivery and logistics of spare parts is
critical to ensuring that the correct level of spares is held for any
support contract. Our courier service track packages through QR code
scanning and/or photographs, obtaining delivery signatures from site
personnel upon delivery. This provides us with an audit trail and
evidence that stock has been delivered to customer sites. The majority
of DU's HPE Aruba equipment is covered by a limited lifetime warranty
and currently, HPE Aruba has 17 spare depots around the UK and Europe
and due to security reasons, they are unable to disclose the physical
locations. These sites, however, are distributed evenly across the UK to
minimise travel and delivery times to customers. The typical value of
spares held at each location is £500,0000, however, this can vary
depending on several factors such as the type of equipment, the
criticality of the equipment, and the level of demand for spare parts.
During a recent survey they could reach 98% of locations under contract
in under 1 hour. To ensure sufficient contingency and flexibility to
meet the required SLA, HPE Aruba maintain an additional 10% safety stock
of spare parts. This safety stock is based on factors such as lead time
for replacement, equipment failure rates, and demand variability. The
value of the safety stock is determined based on a careful analysis of
these factors and the cost of maintaining the inventory. The cost of
holding inventory includes the cost of storage, obsolescence, and the
opportunity cost of tying up capital. To optimise inventory management,
they use forecasting models to predict demand and adjusting inventory
levels accordingly. This can help ensure that we have the right parts in
the right quantities at the right time to meet SLA requirements while
minimising inventory costs. As an example, the top three (3) HPE Aruba
products last year were: • JL256A Aruba 2930F Smart Rate Switch • JL659A
Aruba 6300M Smart Rate Switch • JL322A Aruba 2930M Switch The reason for
maintaining these products over others is that due to the recent HPE
Aruba global equipment shortages the newer CX range of switches were not
available in large quantities which meant the older 2930 range of
switches were more prevalent as availability was better. The 6300M (CX)
switches are the newest switch range and as the Mean Time Between
Failure (MTBF) data is not as long as others, the inventory levels were
increased to mitigate any risk of product failure. Overall, the typical
value of spares held at each location is based on careful analysis of
demand, lead time, and cost, while also ensuring sufficient contingency
and flexibility to meet SLA requirements. \" Please refer to attached
reference: Qolcom-Q3.4.4-MAC \"Qolcom can provide DU with the ability to
call off extra support resource beyond contractually agreed levels to
support changing University requirements at a fixed price to meet all
elements articulated in the Vision. A rate card is provided within the
Pricing Schedule to cover the following elements of the DU Vision: 1.
Surveying and design services 2. Hardware installation programme
management The collaborative approach to the development of case studies
that produce mutually beneficial marketable publicity would be provided
at no additional cost and an example of this can be seen in the attached
case study recently done for Keel University (attachment reference:
Qolcom-Q3.4.5_KeeleUni) In addition, we regularly attend conferences and
run events aligned to the University sector and we often invite
customers as guest speakers and with the new way of working WebEx's are
becoming more and more common place. As an example, recently one of our
customers has been asked as a guest speaker at an HPE Aruba IoT event in
UWE.\"

**ChatGPT said:**

Thought for 41 seconds

**Section 3.4 --- Support & Break‑Fix Cover**

Below is a quick "trace‑ability" table showing how the new text you
pasted (plus the **Qolcom‑Q3.4.4‑MAC** PDF) lines up against the nine
sub‑requirements in the spreadsheet.

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **ID**             **What the question asks      **Evidence you     **Fit**            **Missing / clarify**
                     for**                         just supplied**                       
  ------------------ ----------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ -----------------------
  **3.4.1** --       Bulleted list 1‑7 confirms    ✔ Covers every SLA Provide the        
  Maintenance        acknowledgment in 24 h, SOC   bullet in the      reporting format   
  contract must      30 min triage, unlimited      spec.              (weekly/monthly    
  cover *all*        help‑desk, P1 2 h onsite,                        KPI template).     
  equipment to       P2‑P4 4 h onsite, plus                                              
  agreed SLAs        reporting system.                                                   

  **3.4.2** -- Local Text states partner **KBR in  ✔ Meets distance & Name back‑fill     
  field‑engineer     County Durham**; 10.6 miles   response           plan if KBR        
  resource           to main campus, 2‑h onsite    requirement.       unavailable        
  (≤ 90 miles) for   P1.                                              (holiday/peak).    
  P1                                                                                     

  **3.4.3** --       Detailed spares‑holding       ✔ Good             Add **threshold    
  Spares             narrative: local 7204XM,      stock‑management   values** (min/max) 
  availability &     annual assessment, forecast,  process, cites     for DU‑specific    
  assurance          ITIL asset system, direct     98 % depot reach   stock so the       
                     view of HPE depots, 10 %      in 1 h.            university can     
                     safety stock, example top                        audit.             
                     three spare SKUs.                                                   

  **3.4.4** --       Separate 3‑page PDF           ✔ Clear split      Identify credit    
  Agreed             **Qolcom‑Q3.4.4‑MAC** with    between routine    cost £/unit and    
  firmware‑upgrade   MAC‑credit process & priority upgrades (credit   confirm that model 
  model              SLA table Qolcom-Q3.4.4-MAC-  bank) vs major     also covers        
                     UPLO...                       releases           Central /          
                                                   (chargeable        ClearPass / CX     
                                                   project).          switches, not just 
                                                                      AOS.               

  **3.4.5** --       Paragraph below the spares    ✔ Statement of     Upload the Keele   
  Ability to call    text says DU can call off     availability.      case‑study +       
  off extra support  extra resource; rate‑card                        include an         
  at fixed price     sits in Pricing Schedule;                        *extract* of the   
                     cites case‑study file                            rate‑card (or at   
                     **Qolcom‑Q3.4.5_KeeleUni**.                      least headers).    

  **3.4.6** --       Not referenced in the current ⚠ No evidence yet. Provide coverage   
  Engineer           text or MAC PDF.                                 hours table +      
  attendance during                                                   travel charge      
  core hours (if                                                      policy.            
  this row exists)                                                                       

  **3.4.7** --       Not covered so far.           ⚠                  Include            
  Communications                                                      service‑report     
  with DU Network                                                     cadence, named     
  Team                                                                contacts,          
                                                                      escalation matrix. 

  **3.4.8** --       Spares process partially      ◑                  Outline            
  Back‑office        covers this but the spec also                    courier/RMA        
  supply‑chain, RMA, asks about "...supply chain,                     workflows (who     
  logistics          warehousing, logistics."                         raises RMA, who    
                                                                      owns DOA risk).    

  **3.4.9** --       Mentioned that most equipment ◑                  Add explicit       
  Warranty           is Limited Lifetime Warranty                     steps: call        
  pass‑through &     & HPE has 17 depots, but the                     logging → TAC case 
  liaison with       row requires clear process                       → engineer‑on‑site 
  HPE Aruba          for "equipment under                             → replacement      
                     post‑sale warranty."                             dispatch.          
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Key strengths you've demonstrated**

- **SLA clarity** -- On‑call times, escalation chain and onsite windows
  are explicitly spelled out.

- **Local presence** -- KBR relationship and mileage figures directly
  address DU's locality requirement.

- **Mature spares strategy** -- Annual demand modelling + ITIL inventory
  shows foresight beyond break‑fix.

**Remaining evidence gaps**

1.  **Attachments referenced but not yet shared**

    - *Qolcom‑Q3.4.5_KeeleUni* (case study)

    - Any documents for 3.4.6‑3.4.9 (e.g., escalation matrix, RMA
      flowcharts, service‑report template).

2.  **Quantitative data**

    - Credit‑bank £ pricing, rate‑card extract, minimum stock
      thresholds.

3.  **Breadth of firmware model** -- confirm coverage for non‑AOS Aruba
    platforms.

If you upload the missing annexes or supply short bullet answers to the
outstanding rows, I can complete the Section 3.4 compliance check and
flag any residual risks before submission.

**You said:**

Qolcom-Q3.5-Continual Service Improvement - UPLOADED.pdf

PDF

Can you review the attaached document for 3.5

**ChatGPT said:**

Thought for 9 seconds

**Section 3 .5 --- Continual Service Improvement**

The uploaded 3‑page PDF ("Qolcom‑Q3.5‑Continual Service Improvement")
addresses **two** of the five sub‑requirements in the spreadsheet
(3.5.2 & 3.5.3). It does **not** contain content for 3.5.1, 3.5.4
or 3.5.5, so those items still need supporting evidence.

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **ID**             **Spreadsheet           **Evidence in the **Fit**           **Comment**
                     requirement**           PDF**                               
  ------------------ ----------------------- ----------------- ----------------- -------------
  **3.5.1** --       **Not covered**         ✖                 Provide sample    
  *Annual CSI report                                           report outline or 
  summarising                                                  last year's DU    
  contract                                                     report.           
  performance &                                                                  
  recommendations*                                                               

  **3.5.2** --       Page 2 lists three      ✔ Good            Add timeline /    
  *Proposal to       initiatives: ① continue forward‑looking   cadence for       
  enhance Wi‑Fi &    **strategic roadmap     programme that    workshops & pilot 
  add value;         workshops** (ref 3.2.6) maps to the       selection         
  identify USP*      ② introduce **new tech  University's      criteria.         
                     pilots** (5G, IoT       layered‑vision                      
                     sensors, air‑quality) ③ model.                              
                     deeper engagement with                                      
                     Estates, Buildings,                                         
                     Student Welfare &                                           
                     Security teams                                              
                     Qolcom-Q3.5-Continual                                       
                     S...                                                        

  **3.5.3** --       Page 3 provides a       ✔ Strong evidence Include an        
  *Relationship with **role‑by‑role          of depth, breadth org‑chart &       
  Aruba & ability to relationship map** (MD  and direct        escalation paths  
  deliver            ↔ UK/EMEA managers, CTO channels into     to evidence       
  fully‑managed      ↔ Aruba CTO, Architects Aruba; Vision     "single‑vendor"   
  support in‑house*  ↔ SE community, etc.),  platform          support model.    
                     confirms **exclusive    strengthens                         
                     Aruba focus**, Platinum managed‑service                     
                     status, ACDX/ACDP       claim.                              
                     certifications, and                                         
                     describes the                                               
                     **Qolcom Vision**                                           
                     monitoring platform                                         
                     integrating Central,                                        
                     UXI & ClearPass APIs                                        
                     Qolcom-Q3.5-Continual                                       
                     S...                                                        

  **3.5.4** --       Not in document         ✖                 Need statement    
  *Provision of 10                                             that 10           
  days "off‑plan"                                              engineering days  
  Wi‑Fi solution                                               are ring‑fenced   
  development*                                                 (can reference    
                                                               rate‑card / MAC   
                                                               credit).          

  **3.5.5** --       Not in document         ✖                 Likewise, confirm 
  *Provision of 10                                             allocation and    
  days site‑survey                                             booking process   
  Wi‑Fi solution                                               for survey days.  
  development*                                                                   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Highlights from the PDF worth calling out in your response**

- **Strategic roadmap workshops** (bullet 1, page 2) show a commitment
  to align network evolution with DU's research & teaching goals.

- **Innovation scouting** -- explicit offer to brief CIS on 5G &
  campus‑IoT opportunities (bullet 2, page 2).

- **Cross‑department engagement** -- pledge to educate
  Estates/Buildings/Security teams on network capabilities (bullet 3,
  page 2).

- **Qolcom Vision platform** (page 3) -- single‑pane monitoring that
  aggregates Aruba Central, UXI, ClearPass and IoT data; already
  provided to DU.

- **Exclusive Aruba focus** -- every business unit (Sales, CTO,
  Architects, Support, PMO) tied to Aruba leadership streams (page 3).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**What to supply next**

1.  **Evidence for 3.5.1** -- a sample CSI report or template with KPI
    dashboard, improvement actions and success metrics.

2.  **Confirmation of the two 10‑day service pools (3.5.4 & 3.5.5)** --
    include how days are requested, approved and tracked (could leverage
    the MAC credit system).

3.  Optional but useful: attach an **org‑chart** and **Vision dashboard
    screenshot** to visualise your managed‑service capability.

Once those artefacts are available, I can complete the Section 3 .5
compliance review and close any residual gaps.
